    Write a program to print all natural numbers from 1 to n. - using while loop
    Write a program to print all natural numbers in reverse (from n to 1). - using while loop
    Write a program to print all alphabets from a to z. - using while loop
    Write a program to print all even numbers between 1 to 100. - using while loop
    Write a program to print all odd number between 1 to 100.

Casino game
program morskoi boi
sorting
stack algorythm
tic tac toe
FIFO
Write a program to print sum of all even numbers between 1 to n.
Write a program to print sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n.
Write a program to print table of any number.
Write a program to enter any number and calculate sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n.


Write a program that prints ‘Hello World’ to the screen.
Write a program that asks the user for her name and greets her with her name.
Modify the previous program such that only the users Alice and Bob are greeted with their names.
Write the program that tells if the password for Alice is write or wrong
Write a guessing game where the user has to guess a secret number. After every guess the program tells the user whether their number was too large or too small. At the end the number of tries needed should be printed. I counts only as one try if they input the same number multiple times consecutively.
Write a program that gueses the secret number from the user
Write a color guessing game one color
Write a color guessing game two colors
Write a color guessing, with positions

Write a program that asks the user for a number n and prints the sum of the numbers 1 to n
Modify the previous program such that only multiples of three or five are considered in the sum, e.g. 3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 12, 15 for n=17
Write a program that asks the user for a number n and gives him the possibility to choose between computing the sum and computing the product of 1,…,n.
Write a program that prints a multiplication table for numbers up to 12.
Write a program that prints all prime numbers. (Note: if your programming language does not support arbitrary size numbers, printing all primes up to the largest number you can easily represent is fine too.)

Write a program that prints the next 20 leap years.
